README.md, before:

# yamlmatlab

[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/myghuser/yamlmatlab.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/github/myghuser/yamlmatlab)  [![CircleCI Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/myghuser/yamlmatlab.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/myghuser/yamlmatlab) [![Azure Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/myghuser/yamlmatlab/_apis/build/status/myghuser.yamlmatlab?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/myghuser/yamlmatlab/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=main)

## About

YAML IO for Matlab. Pretty self-explanatory.

## Installation

To install yamlmatlab, download it from the [Releases page](https://github.com/janklab/yamlmatlab/releases) or clone the [repo](https://github.com/janklab/yamlmatlab) to get it on your disk. Then add its `Mcode/` folder to your Matlab path.

## Usage

### Examples

## Author

yamlmatlab is maintained by [YOUR-NAME-HERE](https://your-website.com). The project home page is <https://github.com/janklab/yamlmatlab>.

### Classic yamlmatlab

This yamlmatlab is a fork of the original [yamlmatlab project on Google Code](https://code.google.com/archive/p/yamlmatlab/). Authors of the original yamlmatlab are:

* Jiri Cigler, Dept. of Control Engineering, CTU Prague <http://support.dce.felk.cvut.cz/pub/ciglejir>
* Jan Siroky, Energocentrum PLUS, s.r.o.
* Pavel Tomasko, student at Faculty of Electrical Engineering, CTU Prague and Institute of Chemical Technology, Prague.

Commit message:

Rename project to yaml4mat

README.md, after:

# yamlmatlab

[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/janklab/yaml4mat.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/github/janklab/yaml4mat)  [![CircleCI Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/janklab/yaml4mat.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/janklab/yamlmatlab) [![Azure Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/janklab/yaml4mat/_apis/build/status/janklab.yamlmatlab?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/janklab/yaml4mat/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=main)

## About

YAML IO for Matlab. Pretty self-explanatory.

## Installation

To install yaml4mat, download it from the [Releases page](https://github.com/janklab/yaml4mat/releases) or clone the [repo](https://github.com/janklab/yaml4mat) to get it on your disk. Then add its `Mcode/` folder to your Matlab path.

## Usage

### Examples

## Author

yamlmatlab is maintained by [Andrew Janke](https://apjanke.net). The project home page is <https://github.com/janklab/yaml4mat>.

### Classic yamlmatlab

yaml4mat is a fork of the original [yamlmatlab project on Google Code](https://code.google.com/archive/p/yamlmatlab/). Authors of the original yamlmatlab are:

* Jiri Cigler, Dept. of Control Engineering, CTU Prague <http://support.dce.felk.cvut.cz/pub/ciglejir>
* Jan Siroky, Energocentrum PLUS, s.r.o.
* Pavel Tomasko, student at Faculty of Electrical Engineering, CTU Prague and Institute of Chemical Technology, Prague.
